Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back.
>> Well, we have had an interesting day
today, y'all. Um,
>> we did things a little different today.
So, Candace has been We didn't ship
today until Well, we're about to ship in
a in a little bit, but we didn't ship
this morning. Um, because today is not
an official shipping day for us, right?
>> Sort of. But we it is because
uh we we are going to pull orders in
just a little bit because we we're going
to go to garage sales tomorrow and we're
not going to ship tomorrow.
>> Yeah. Let me break it down if you're
kind of new here. So what we do is we
pull and pack orders on we have two-day
handling on um eBay and other platforms
or that or more. So we pull and pack
orders on Monday morning, Wednesday
morning and then Thursday afternoon
because we are going to garage sales on
Friday morning. So, we get those
packages ready on Thursday afternoon for
the carrier to pick up on Friday. So,
that's what's going on while we're here
in the afternoon.
>> Right.
>> So, we've been Today's technically not a
shipping day, but we've been pack uh
listing all day and now we're ready to
pull the orders.
>> Yeah. And the reason we do pull order
pull and pack because the orders that
sold since we pulled orders yesterday.
>> Yep. All the orders that sold B
Wednesday,
have to go out by tomorrow,
>> Friday.
>> The stuff that sold today, which is
Thursday, doesn't technically have to go
out until Monday,
>> right?
>> But if we got to get the stuff out from
Wednesday, we're not going to just sit
on those orders. We're going to get them
out, too.
>> No, I mean, every time we we pull
orders, we clear the deck, right?
because um the longer you set stuff
there, people can change their minds and
cancel or and plus it's just good
customer service just to pick the stuff
out,
>> right? Now, now best case scenario um
like we share what we do here. We don't
tell others to do what we do because
it's not always the best. Best case
scenario is you do same day or one day
handling.
>> Yeah,
>> it is. It's just the best best case
scenario if all you care about are is
giving yourself the best chance to sell
the most on eBay, which we care about
that a lot, but if we don't, we found if
we operate like that, we tend to miss
out on a lot of sourcing opportunities.
>> Y
>> and also the social media stuff, this
stuff here, that adds a lot of pressure,
too. So, we found that two-day handling
just has relieved so much pressure.
>> Yeah. We're a lot more flexible with
what we can do. And and that's not to
say when garage sale season is over that
we won't come back to the next day.
>> I think we probably will.
>> Yeah.
>> Like I think I think there's a really
good chance we will.
>> But for right now, it's working for us
because sometimes we hit garage sales on
Thursdays and shoot last week we hit
some on we hit one on Wednesday, I
think. So, yeah.
>> And and and you know, your mileage may
vary. Maybe you have it set up
differently than we do to where you
could still make that work, but we
don't. And a lot of a big part of that
too is um like if you watch Rev Resale
like I do, they get their orders out
every day and it works for them because
they're not getting they're not
constraining themselves to relying on
the pickup, the daily pickup like we do.
That's that's another factor. we kind of
have to get our make sure our orders are
pretty much ready by about I'd say 11
11:30 or there's a chance we miss the
pickup. Um and you know like the
convenience of the pickup is really
attractive to us but those that choose
to bring their packages to the carrier
like um like Rev Resell does and a lot
of other people do, they bring theirs in
the afternoon, not too long before
closing time. So that affords them the
opportunity. So like if they got to like
like Nikki T, Rev's wife, she works
during the day. Rev, you know, he h he
works too. Andy has his e his his resale
business,
>> but they have the flexibility because
they they control when the packages go.
We don't.
>> Yeah.
>> But we ch we choose to do that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's nice not to have to
drive to the post office and stay in
line for us. So yeah, we've been busy
listing all day and we did it a little
different today. Lonnie hung out in the
office of the house and listed and I
hung out in here jamming out to some
Fleetwood M.
>> Is that what you were doing all day?
Well,
>> I I was using the new little um
>> Oh, were you the little radio?
>> Oh, okay. How did it sound?
>> It's not bad. I mean, it's not great,
but it's it's really not bad.
>> There were some viewers that said they
had one and they they they said similar.
It's not Bose, but it's it's not
absolute junk, you know.
>> Right. Right. Right. So, I mean, I had
it here today. It'll probably end up
going on my kitchen counter or somewhere
else.
>> It's really cool looking, though. So
cute.
>> It really is. It looks awesome.
>> We bought that one for a dollar. And the
funny thing is we actually like the next
week we saw another one at another
garage sale. They were asking $3.
>> Yeah.
>> And the things I think sell for like 12
bucks or something.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> You know, it's a cheap thing. It's not
like some score, but it's still really
cool. I think it is.
>> Yeah. So, so I was listing I listed uh
the Luc Casey boot covers that we had. I
listed some shoes and then Lonnie, look
what he did.
>> Yeah, I listed 250 reels today, which uh
where's the other one? Oh, I never got I
have one more on the ground over there.
Um that box plus these nine.
>> Yep.
>> And then um I did some other work too,
not listing related, but yeah, this is
most of what I did. And man, I've been
needing to get this done.
>> Mhm.
>> Because these things have been selling,
y'all.
>> Yeah.
>> So, um Yeah. Look at this. Is a good
listing day. Let's get our total up.
>> Okay.
>> Up here because look, I got 750 by
myself.
>> Right. Right.
>> And it looks like you did all right,
too.
>> Let's see what we got.
>> Okay, y'all. Um I added it up. Candace
did over 400 by herself, which we have
plenty of days where Candace and I do
400 and something together.
>> Yeah. Um, it just depends on what we're
listing, right? Like
>> I did 750 today, but of course that was
like that's easy. I could do that every
day with that stuff. That's not some big
accomplishment. It's just
>> But I am glad I got it done though. So
our our total is 1167 across 22 listings
today. This is our total listings for
the month so far. 9407. A little weak, I
think. Um, but also not too bad. We
might be able to get We may be able to
get close to We'll probably get around
13,
>> I think. So, yeah,
>> 13 or so by the time it's said and done.
>> Y
>> there's a really good chance we're going
to get nothing listed tomorrow. I'm not
planning on listing a thing tomorrow.
Are you?
>> Yeah. I mean, we'll see what garage
sales look like. We Sometimes we're back
by like 10, 11 o'clock. Sometimes we're
gone till 3:00. If we're gone past
probably two,
really good chance we don't we don't um
>> I mean, I'd say it's probably likely
that we won't
>> very very likely
>> that we won't get a listing up.
>> Uh because Candace also has a a camping
trip Saturday.
>> Yeah. M Well, we're leaving tomorrow
evening. Well, probably around 5 or 6
tomorrow.
>> That's why I'm saying you're not going
to want to you're if we get if we get
back at like 1 or two Yeah.
>> you're going to you're going to be
busting your butt to get ready to go.
You're not going to be in here like
what?
>> I don't have that much to do this time.
It's kind of weird to me. I'm not I'm no
longer a troop leader. I'm an assistant
leader. So, the troop leader is doing
everything and I'm me and Molly just
driving up there with our sleeping bags.
>> Well, that's good.
>> I know. It's kind of weird for me, but I
like it.
>> No, it's awesome. Yeah, that's good. You
deserve a break.
>> I do. I mean, I offered to her. I'm
like, I have a big ice chest. You need
me to bring any cooking stuff? I have
everything. She's like, no, I got it.
So, I'm like, okay, sweet. Hm. Okay.
Well, good. Uh,
>> so I hope we do have a good garage sale
day tomorrow, though, because
if we do, then Lonnie's taking Saturday
off.
>> Yeah.
>> And if we don't, Lonnie's taking
Saturday off. I'm not I'm not going to
>> You have some projects you want to work
on.
>> I do. I've got some other stuff I want
to do. It doesn't have
>> Man, we need to get some listings up.
But hey, that's a good start. And we've
already um
>> we figured out where we're going to put
them in the shed. We found spots.
>> Yeah. So, we have 10. And we cleared We
put all of our excess tape down here,
>> our packing tape,
>> which isn't really that much uh tape.
And then, so we have this whole shelf
here. We're going, you know what? We
said we were going to move those boxes
here, but what we ought to do is just
store those here.
>> That's what I was telling you. I
measured them and they'll fit.
>> Oh, they will. So, we can fit probably
three. Three or four there. Probably
three.
>> Yeah,
>> probably three. And then there's room on
top of 10. And if we have to, we can go
to four also there. So
>> three will go on right there. And then
we have six.
>> Yep.
>> I think we could probably get six right
here. Or maybe four.
>> Okay. So yeah, we'll be good.
>> And then one of them doesn't even have
to uh get stored anywhere at all.
>> Yeah, it's sold already.
>> We only have to uh we have to do nine.
And that's why I wanted to get them
listed because these things these
suckers I'm hope like we're really
trying not to um put these in storage
cuz as soon as we put these in storage
we're going to be driving up to storage
every other day. I know
>> if it goes the way we hope.
>> Yeah, they're heavy to be moving around
a lot. So, um yeah, we're going to get
those put away and then we're going to
pull the orders.
>> Yeah. Yes, we got them all shelved.
Okay, Candace, you ready?
>> Yeah. I've got 11, 13, and 16 are all on
packing shelf.
>> So, what he put to TBD for the
locations.
>> So, we're going to go in and update
them. You said 16, 13, and
>> yes, 11, 13,16.
I just put TBD.
>> And I don't, you may not know this, but
you can go right here under your active
listings, and there's a little
>> Just a little pencil. Yeah. It's pretty
sweet.
>> Okay.
>> All right. So, that's those three.
And then, wait, where else? I Oh,
they're all over here.
>> Yep.
>> Okay. So,
14 delta. R18 is on 14 delta.
And then 12 R12 is on 14 fox trot.
And then I'm just going to we're just
going to make sure we get all these on
10 alpha and we'll be right back. All
right, we got all those done. And uh
yeah, I guess first order.
>> Yeah, that's the one we sold. So that's
the first order we're pulling for $74.99
is what uh that sold for. And that's
what you listed them all for.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. And how many reels is it
approximately in each lot?
>> No, it's exactly 25 each lot.
>> Every lot has 25 for $75. Yep. I just do
$3 a whack and I try and I try and mix
them best I can. Some have the the
printed labels and we do have some that
have like tape with writing on it.
>> I try to make a balance of those.
>> I saw your post that you had a lot of
Adam Sandler.
>> I have a whole bunch of Mr. Deeds. I
have a several movies that we just have
a whole bunch of u preview reels for and
I just have to kind of stack them off to
the side and then as I'm building the
lots I'll grab Oh, you get a Mr. Deeds
and you get a this and a that. I've got
several movies that I'm having to do
that with.
>> I did that with some uh pin lots. I
don't know if you're It was the Elks
pens lots. There was so many duplicates
and I was making little lots. Yeah,
that's always kind of frustrating. Yeah.
>> Okay. Before I forget, we did a a
private sale like off
>> like through email. The Italiana.
Italiana.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's a viewer sale. Of course.
>> I want to go and pull that before I
forget.
>> Okay. Yeah. We've been needing to take
care of This is embarrassing, man. Um
the the person that bought this.
Wait, let me
let me pull it up. Okay. So, the person
that emailed us or no, they I think they
left a message on YouTube or something
or commented on that they wanted to buy
it
>> and then I told them to email us.
>> Yeah.
>> And then in the interim and look their
name is Austin. Austin, thank you very
much. Austin Austin H. Okay.
>> Austin is awesome.
>> Yes. So,
I made it was in a Facebook post or I
made a Facebook post or something and
then someone commented on it. Their name
was Austin H as well.
>> Oh,
>> on my Facebook post.
>> I didn't know all this.
>> So, Candace, you want to read it?
>> Yeah. I didn't know all this happened.
>> So, I told him I I told I I He replied,
he made a comment on my post. Austin H
did. And I'm like, "Oh, hey, I um I need
to I just emailed you back or something
or or what or something like that." And
then I was like, "You know what? I mean,
heck, he's right here on on Facebook.
I'll just I said, "I'll just message you
instead." So, go ahead and read.
>> So, Lonnie took it upon himself to
message this person.
>> Yes, I did. I I thought Well, I thought
I was being nice and proactive. You know
what I mean? Cuz I was like, he they
want to buy a cookbook.
>> This person was probably like, "What?"
>> Oh, they were read it.
>> He goes, "Guess I could just message
you." And the guy goes, "Hi."
And Lonnie goes, "Hey, sorry to get back
to you. It's $30 ship. Is $30 shipped
okay for the Taliana?
The guy goes, "I did not buy a Talia. I
think you have the wrong person." And
you were like, "Oh, my bad. How
embarrassing." Yeah.
And then you did a screenshot showing
the name and that it was different.
>> Well, I had to because I was like, "Man,
this guy thinks I'm a moron." Well, not
that. Not that I This makes me not a
>> Ain't that crazy?
>> That's so funny.
>> That is something I would do.
>> That dude probably thought I was trying
to hard sell Italas or something. Yeah,
>> they were both Austin H and they both
commented around probably the same day,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> So, sorry about that. I do think Austin
is a viewer, I think. I'm not sure.
>> Yeah, they both of them are.
>> Okay. Yeah,
>> both of them are he said he was.
>> All right. Austin, I got y'all
straightened out.
>> Got our Austin's all all lined up in a
row.
>> That's right.
>> Okay. So, yeah. So, we sold that for 30
uh shipped.
>> Yep.
>> And it's going out to Austin.
>> Okay. Back to eBay in the chest drawer.
This is a cool jewelry set. It's a ro
It's Roman coin jewelry. I don't think
it's I think it's like re not repop, but
like they had it manufactured from the
uh Museum of Art.
>> Is this it?
>> Yep. That's from the Modern Museum of
Art in New York.
>> You know what's funny is Roman Well, as
far as I know, Roman coins aren't even
worth that much for the most part.
>> We've had some before and I was like,
"Oh, look at this." And they're like
pretty much worthless,
>> right? And it's not it's not even
>> There's so many out there.
>> Isn't that strange?
>> Yeah,
>> cuz that's so old. It's like these are
like over 500 years old and they're
worthless.
>> Oh, older than that probably,
>> right? That's what I'm saying. It's like
crazy.
>> Yeah, it is crazy. So $62.99 for that
set. What it is is a earrings and a
reversible necklace. It's really cool.
Okay. Three Bravo. We sold a Crippen and
Landrew book stake out on Page Street.
>> Good. We need to clear off some uh shelf
space, huh? We
>> we were listed so many books.
>> Yep.
>> Here we go. Steak out.
>> 1999.
We sold some sexy lingerie.
14 Delta labeled red. It's a corset.
>> Okay.
Red.
They don't That's not your size, huh?
At the time I bought it, it wouldn't,
but it might fit now.
>> All right, let's see.
Those are like costume quality pretty
much.
>> That's all right.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. With me. All right, let's see.
Red, where you at? Red, if we even have
it.
>> I know. Oh, here it is. We got it.
>> We had We had a pink one. We sold it and
Yeah, we still had that one.
>> It was in the back.
>> All right.
>> Yeah. And it's got it's got the bon in
it, so it can't be like
>> it's got the bon in it, huh?
>> Got the bon in it, so you can't bend it.
>> Man, that's weird. That's a weird term
to use right there. All right,
>> it's bone.
>> Okay. Okay, let's go.
>> Bye, Charlie. Nine, Charlie. I love
Lucy. Double pack. Barbie double pack.
Lucy and Ethel in the chocolate factory.
Oh,
that reminds me of the joke somebody
made on the uh the packing channel over
on I'm I'm going to pack it.
>> What?
>> U What if you worked in a fudge factory?
>> What if y'all What if y'all sold fudge?
>> I think they were.
>> Yeah, I know. That's what I'm saying.
>> 29 $29.99 for that.
>> What would you be then?
>> Oh my god. Okay.
>> All right. What's next?
>> Three. Charlie, another book. Steinbeck
the Pearl. All right. Sorry y'all. I'm
going to get back to
>> I'm going to lock in now. The pearl
>> right there.
>> It's green and goldish.
>> Uh, it's more blue.
>> Oh, maybe
>> to me. Let me see this photo. You got me
worried.
>> It's probably just how the picture
looks.
>> It's I know, but Huh. Wait, it does look
green.
>> It's like It looks like bluish green in
the picture. It's just the the lighting,
the exposure or whatever.
>> Oh, now it looks blue.
>> I mean, yeah. Okay. All right. That's
the book.
>> Yeah.
>> Kind of expensive, too.
>> Yeah. $79.99.
>> Okay.
>> We sold a Stanley nesting cup. Oh, I
need to grab another one down there and
we'll bring those with us in case.
>> Well, I have one, right? Oh, okay. I
know. I'm going to bring two.
>> Stealing.
>> And I need to change the listing.
>> Oh,
okay. One.
And then one for Candace and Molly.
There you go.
Hey.
>> Hey.
>> We're selling a product we really
believe in. We use it. We use it
ourselves.
>> I'm gonna find out. $20.99.
>> Man, if it sucks, don't say a word cuz
we got too many left to sell.
>> This is interesting. We listed a bunch
of yarn yesterday and somebody bought
one of our other lots. Yeah, I like
that. 10 Bravo.
>> A lot of three burn. It's like a cream
and marble color. We should have took
all those lots and all the yarn we had
in the shed and threw it threw it in the
lot.
>> I don't think we have a lot left.
>> It's cream marble.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> $11.99.
>> That blissful something.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> Three Charlie Encyclopedia of Cajun and
Creole Cuisine.
It's got a red binding. When I first saw
that sale come in, I was like, man, I I
thought we were for sure we were out of
encyclopedias this time.
>> We had two at one point.
>> Well, no. I mean, I thought we were I
thought I was thinking like
>> you just saw the word encyclopedia.
>> Yeah. I was like, "Oh, no."
>> $44.99.
>> At first, I thought we sold something
that was supposed to have been taken
down, you know.
>> Gotcha. Okay. So, one of the big lots I
made yesterday was a button lot and we
sold it for a fox trot labeled button.
Button.
>> Button.
>> Okay. Well, you put it all the way down
there, huh?
>> I didn't think it would sell that fast.
>> Is this it? Oh, is it that many buttons?
Holy cow.
>> It's a big lot,
>> man.
>> I didn't even count on those. So many,
>> Candace. That's like Oh, no. I wouldn't
count them either. I know.
>> Uh that's something whenever you lift up
a box of buttons and it's kind of heavy.
>> I know.
>> That's a lot of buttons.
37 um $24.99 is what it says.
>> Man, that's awesome. But you know what?
That already puts us in the black on the
bags because we only paid $10 total for
the filler bags.
>> We're We're good now. Okay. 12 Charlie
left.
>> Okay.
>> Crybaby plush pendant crying again
series.
>> 12 Charlie left. Okay. That means go the
other way.
>> Crybaby crying again. This figure is
called Duck You.
12. Charlie left crying again.
They all look like They all look like
the the horrible thing on um Squid Game
to me.
>> What horrible thing?
>> The the big the big in the first the
first game in Squid Game.
>> Oh, the the hide the uh red light green
light.
>> Yeah, there you go.
>> Yep.
>> Got it.
>> That's all for 1999.
>> Okay.
>> Oh, this is something else from the
filler bag.
>> Yep. Y'all, this thing. It's a chair pin
cushion. Six delta. And they're a little
bolo.
>> Yeah, but we going to find one again.
>> Maybe.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> If I saw it, I thought I thought it was
doll furniture. It's
>> dits. Well, we've sold dit stuff before.
>> Yeah, but I I thought it was doll
furniture cuz there was other doll stuff
and I was like, if it's not worth it,
I'll keep it to take photos of Barbie
with it, you know.
>> I thought it was doll furniture, too. I
had no clue.
>> I mean, you could use it for that. It
probably people probably do, but yeah,
it's a pain cushion. The little seat
lifts to store stuff under there.
>> $24.99.
>> Okay. Well, shoot. We've sold $50 out of
those those filler bags now.
>> Yep. We sold some Fiesta.
>> 12 Charlie.
>> Yeah. It's
>> been a while.
>> Yeah. Maybe hadn't been long enough.
>> This is Tangerine. It's
>> You said 12 Charlie.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh,
>> it's a four piece orange.
>> Yeah. Well, you know, somebody sent an
offer. It's been listed a little bit.
Somebody sent an offer for 25 $25
and I I should You know what?
>> Monty said, "I would love to pack some
glassware for $25."
>> No, I I I counter with 32 and I said, "I
will not pack it for less than that."
>> Yeah.
>> Like bottom line, straight up. I will
not do it.
>> $32.
>> That's I don't even like doing it for
that though. Honestly, I don't like
doing it at all. So, at the sale where
we bought all that Urban Decay eyeliner
for a dollar a whack, we also picked up
two cases of travel size conditioner and
one of them sold. Y
>> it's on to Charlie.
>> And the good thing is that one sold, but
it's going to pay for both of them
because we paid
um
it's right here because we paid $10 per
per box whack.
>> Per case. Yeah.
>> No, a case is a box whack. Casewack,
>> you having trouble with your pumpkin
there?
>> I mean, I just don't have enough hands.
>> I'm out of hands now.
>> I know. I got one back.
Okay, there we go. So, yeah, we're into
this for 10 bucks and sold it for 50,
right?
>> 25,
>> huh? Wrong
>> joke.
>> Wrong.
>> 50,
>> man. Why you do that?
Okay, that's everything.
>> Is it?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, yeah. We already pulled the reels.
>> Let me just refresh just in case.
>> No, we did.
>> No, I want to make sure nothing else.
Okay, nothing else came in.
>> Okay, good deal. So, yeah. Um, not a ton
of volume, but I mean, got some pretty
good value here. We actually shipped
some of the stuff we sold yesterday
morning. Uh, yesterday. So,
>> but yeah, uh we're going to get this
stuff packed up and then I'm hope I'm
hoping we're going to hit I think there
might be rain coming Saturday maybe. Um
>> it went down to like 18% chance.
>> Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Hopefully we have
garage sales.
>> I don't want to talk about rain cuz I'm
going camping.
>> Yep. Y'all have cabins out there. Y I
don't want it to rain either though. But
yeah, that's going to be it for this
one. Thanks so much for watching. We'll
see y'all again very soon. Bye y'all.
>> Bye.